docs: remove shutdown G+ API reference (#1751)
googleapis/google-api-php-client: README.md

# Google APIs Client Library for PHP #

> The Google API Client Library enables you to work with Google APIs such as Cloud Storage, Drive or YouTube on your server.

Reviewer: Could we choose a different service than Storage? Generally we suggest people use `google/cloud-storage` for GCS, as it's a much better user experience than this client. I think calling it out specifically here might confuse that a bit.
```suggestion
The Google API Client Library enables you to work with Google APIs such as Gmail, Drive or YouTube on your server.
```
